Uncle 8 million all waiting
Just come back
Thank you Miss Xu today
Must visit another day
Uncle, it's me today too. Marku was careless.
Only then did he appear in court
Come out tomorrow to make up for it
I want to bring it out tomorrow to attend the Tenglong Banquet together
Also thank the Mad Dragon King in person
Do you want to go together
I'll give you a chance.
Eliminating harm for the people is what the Mad Dragon King should do
Delay doing it until now
It would be nice not to cure him
And thank him.
Luming, don't be cheap and sell well, okay?
Luming speaks well
What does the Huanglong Tianwang want?
People say the same, you can look at the fish like this
You are not very capable
Not a small tone
Eradicate evil forces like Hongmen
It's what he should do.
Pretend to be noble in front of us
If you have any kind of words, go to the Mad Dragon Heavenly King and say it
If it weren't for the Mad Dragon King
You are now a dead dog crippled by the Hong Men
How dare you pretend to be a big wild cat and wolf
Funny. That's what it used to say.
And nobody did.
The world is black
Glory, you have been in the hospital for a long time.
You could say that at home.
You can't say that outside.
Uncle, I dare to say it here today
I dare to say it at the Tang Long banquet tomorrow
Stop talking about Lu Ning
Are you still trying to get in with a fake invitation?
Why bother with fake invitations?
I'll take you there tomorrow, is it true or not?
You will know as soon as you test it tomorrow.